Add Red Hat ecosystem (#257)
ossf/osv-schema: docs/schema.md

| `Photon OS` | The Photon OS package ecosystem; the `name` is the name of the RPM package. The ecosystem string must have a `:<RELEASE-NUMBER>` suffix to scope the package to a particular Photon OS release. Eg `Photon OS:3.0`. |
| `Pub` | The package manager for the Dart ecosystem; the `name` field is a Dart package name. |
| `PyPI` | the Python PyPI ecosystem; the `name` field is a [normalized](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0503/#normalized-names) PyPI package name.  |

> +| `Red Hat` | The Red Hat package ecosystem; the `name` field is the name of a binary RPM. The ecosystem string is a translation of Red Hat [Common Platform Enumerations](https://cpe.mitre.org/) (CPEs). The suffix of Red Hat CPEs are used as ecosystem identifiers with the `cpe/:[oa]:(redhat)` prefixes replaced with `Red Hat`. Red Hat ecosystem identifiers can be used to identify vulnerable RPMs installed on a Red Hat system as explained [here](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/how-accurately-match-oval-security-data-installed-rpms).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+| `Red Hat` | The Red Hat package ecosystem; the `name` field is the name of a binary RPM. The ecosystem string has a `:<CPE>` suffix to scope the RPM to a specific Red Hat product stream. `<CPE>` is a translation of a Red Hat [Common Platform Enumerations](https://cpe.mitre.org/) (CPE) with the `cpe/:[oa]:(redhat):` prefix removed (for example, `Red Hat:rhel_aus:8.4::appstream`). Red Hat ecosystem identifiers can be used to identify vulnerable RPMs installed on a Red Hat system as explained [here](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/how-accurately-match-oval-security-data-installed-rpms).  |
```

Author: Thanks, I tweaked your example slightly by adding also the equivalent `rhel_aus:8.4::appstream` CPE value.

I also added 'source' RPM in the explanation of the `name` field.

> +| `Red Hat` | The Red Hat package ecosystem; the `name` field is the name of a binary RPM. The ecosystem string is a translation of Red Hat [Common Platform Enumerations](https://cpe.mitre.org/) (CPEs). The suffix of Red Hat CPEs are used as ecosystem idenfiers with the `cpe/:[oa]:(redhat)` prefixes replaced with `Red Hat`. Red Hat ecosystem identifiers can be used to idenfity vulnerability RPMs installed on a Red Hat system as explained [here](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/how-accurately-match-oval-security-data-installed-rpms).  |

Reviewer 2: Fix spelling and grammar
```suggestion
+| `Red Hat` | The Red Hat package ecosystem; the `name` field is the name of a binary RPM. The ecosystem string is a translation of Red Hat [Common Platform Enumerations](https://cpe.mitre.org/) (CPEs). The suffix of Red Hat CPEs are used as ecosystem identifiers with the `cpe/:[oa]:(redhat)` prefixes replaced with `Red Hat`. Red Hat ecosystem identifiers can be used to identify vulnerable RPMs installed on a Red Hat system as explained [here](https://www.redhat.com/en/blog/how-accurately-match-oval-security-data-installed-rpms).  |
```

Reviewer 2: Is the "binary RPM" part accurate? I thought I saw source RPMs getting mentioned in the conversion as well?
